hey how's it going guys got another bag
review for you this is the Arctic's
Kempson 38 thank you so much Young's
backpacking for hosting let me start off
by saying I probably wouldn't buy this
bag but it's not what you think
see when I buy a backpack I like a lot
of features a ton of pockets and zippers
and things like that and that's just
what I look for when I buy a backpack
however my hiking buddy that I usually
go out on trails with he has a different
design philosophy when he goes and buys
a gear and he made a really good point
the other day talking to me he was
saying that yes I like to buy like
backpacks with a lot of different
pockets it'll make it easier to find
your stuff because once you put stuff in
different pockets you'll be able to find
your gear more easily but at the same
time when you break it up into different
pockets you're limiting the total amount
of space that you have for the size of
the items so you can have a bunch of
little pockets or by having one larger
pocket to hold everything you can be
able to fit larger items just because
the space is consolidated yeah I'll be
hard to find at first but you do have
the luxury of being able to put larger
items and that's how he likes things and
plus he's the kind of guy that if he has
too many pockets he'll put something in
a pocket and forget where it is and
he'll spend like all day opening up all
the pockets attempting everything out so
he likes more of a streamlined design so
this is kind of a pack that he would dig
so this review is for him so let me just
talk about suspension also he tends to
like really lightweight bags and the
camps 38 seriously this is a really
lightweight bag if you guys are looking
for something with a fair amount of
capacity for a day bag and his
streamline and is lightweight you might
want to give this guy a shot I love our
Trix bags and like their construction
anyways just wanted to show you nice
padded yet thin shoulder straps so this
feels very streamlined actually I put
this on and it felt good for me
somebody might feel this is a little bit
too thin but I like thin their shoulder
straps as long as they're well contoured
and well engineered towards the body
have a little bit of a back padding here
with extra padding here for the lower
lumbar and I wouldn't say this is a
spacer but this is like a little bit of
an area for some space between your back
and the back of the bat pet the pad of
the bag so that you don't get tied up
you have a functional thin waist belt
that you can use just wrap this around
your waist tighten it up and then I'll
draw the weight of the bag towards your
waist but if you don't want to use this
and you feel this a little bit too
cumbersome because you're carrying a
very little weight what you can do is
underneath this back panel here it's
held in by a Velcro you can't see it but
maybe I can make it so that you can hear
it you hear that so if I undid the
velcro here you can just slide out this
waist belt from behind here and then you
don't have to wear the waist belt and
then you can just stow this away inside
the bag so that's a nice option yeah
adjustable sternum strap here for the
shoulder straps I'm just gonna fix that
going to the back of the bat you have
bungy for stowing away items so if you
have like a say a sweater or a mid layer
or fleece that you want to take off you
can take it off and without having to
undo the bag you just lace it through
the bungee here and tighten it up then
on either side right here actually let's
show you at the bottom a hotter side you
have two adjustable loops that you can
use as ice axe loops you can tighten it
by just tightening up on these straps
and then you can lace it here through
the top you have two velcro loops so you
can use them to secure something like
say an ice axe or whatever or pole
trekking poles or whatever you want
there's a top loading design which is a
sack with a lid if you go to the top
here for the lid there's a zipper pocket
which allows you access to the live and
it's all just basically one single
compartment here at the top and one nice
touch that I did like is if you look
here at the top of lid you have a daisy
chain so you can use this to loop items
if you want to is like say a pad or a
bag sleeping bag or something like that
the lid is held in place by two clasps
and then to open up the bag or the main
compartment of that you just undo this
clasp and then it's held also tighten by
this drawstring cord if you open this
guy up
you just have that one single
compartment one thing I would have liked
it's a black interior what I like the
lighter color just to make it easier to
find items especially if they're all
inside one single compartment would have
like a lighter color interior but that's
the only hit I'll get for that and then
right here this is where you can access
the frame of the bag so basically you
undo this velcro strip right here and if
you want to just grab this tab and you
pull and you can pull out the plastic
back panel and it's reinforced with this
one single aluminum stay and you can
pull this panel all the way out like so
and if you wanted to I guess you could
use this as a sitting pad I would not
recommend that though leave it inside
the bag just because you don't want to
wear down on this thing this is the
frame of your bag and I don't know if
you can get it replaced by our trick so
I would just leave it inside the bag
I would only pull it out in case of
emergency if you've really needed to use
it to sit down on but that's about it
but it's nice to know that you have
access to the back panel if you need it
or you could use this as a hidden pocket
to store valuable flat items like say
cash but I'll leave it up to you to use
your own reasoning and good judgment to
do so so just going to tighten this guy
up fix this clasp
do this right here and this right here
and that's it this is the art trick scam
10:38 nice simple design lightweight if
you're looking for a simple bag and you
don't want things too complicated you
might want to give this pack a look
thanks for watching guys and have a
great day